welcome to llamo sushi now I will show
you how to prepare solvent for your
sushi roll it is very important that the
sallman you use in your sushi be very
fresh when going to buy your fish ask
them to prepare it for you in fillet
form with the skin off first remove the
fatty substance that is sometimes found
on the sides
now check the other side as well
cut the saman in lengths to have the
width of a nori sheet you can use half a
nori sheet or possibly even a sliver of
the cucumber you have cut with your
sushi cutter to give you the exact
length now clean the dark side of the
sallman to make it easier first cut the
slice in half and then remove a thin
layer just like this
finally cut slivers approximately 1.5 by
1.5 centimeters to be used in your sushi
roll
you